So you know, depending upon where you're deployed and and what Ah, organization
or combatant commander that you're helping, You know, you
might be during that full deployment, constantly working. You know,
that's what the deployment is. Fours. You're actually now applying all
the training, all the skills that you've achieved over the last several
years or months or what have you and your actually applying those
on a realistic environment to conduct some sort of operation or
deployment schedule So you might find yourself just just working constantly
and applying the skills that you've attained. Um however, more
than likely, you are gonna have some downtime throughout that deployment,
and it really just depends on where your station, where your
deployment is. If you're on a ship and you're deployed and you have
some downtime, there's probably several activities they're going
to be on board to kind of alleviate and break up that schedule of just
constant workload. If maybe you're stationed overseas somewhere and
you're on a deployment and you're on a base, I know definitely all
those bases have some sort of UMW our facilities that provide things
on base out in town that you can do on take advantage of those. So
it really just depends what your deployment is, where you're deployed
and how you deployed. And, um, you know what you're gonna be able
to do for for relax.